Expand description and make more generic (#30)
1ucian0/qiskit-terra: README.md

**Qiskit** is an open-source framework for working with noisy quantum computers at the level of pulses, circuits, and algorithms.

This library is the core component of Qiskit, **Terra**, which contains the building blocks for creating

> and working with quantum circuits, programs, and algorithms. It also contains a compiler for compiling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and working with quantum circuits, programs, and algorithms. It also contains a compiler that supports
```

> for different quantum computers and a common interface for running programs on different quantum computers.

Reviewer: As the support for the specific hardware is on the provider, I suggest
```suggestion
for different quantum computers and a common interface for running programs on different quantum computer architectures.
```

> for different quantum computers and a common interface for running programs on different quantum computer architectures.

Author: ```suggestion
different quantum computers and a common interface for running programs on different quantum computer architectures.
```

## Creating Your First Quantum Program in Qiskit Terra

Now that Qiskit is installed, it's time to begin working with Qiskit. To do this
we create a `QuantumCircuit` object to define a basic quantum program.

```python
from qiskit import QuantumCircuit
qc = QuantumCircuit(2, 2)
qc.h(0)
qc.cx(0, 1)
qc.measure([0,1], [0,1])
```

> This simple example makes an entangled state, also called a [Bell state](https://qiskit.org/textbook/ch-gates/multiple-qubits-entangled-states.html#3.2-Entangled-States-).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This simple example makes an entangled state, also called [Bell state](https://qiskit.org/textbook/ch-gates/multiple-qubits-entangled-states.html#3.2-Entangled-States-).
```

Author: Are you sure this is correct? It reads a bit weird to me to have "an entangled state" followed by "bell state" without the article. But I'm hardly a grammar expert

Reviewer: hmm... not sure actually. Let's keep yours.

> Once you've made your first quantum circuit, you can then simulate this circuit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've made your first quantum circuit, you can then simulate it.
```

To do this, first we need to compile your circuit for the target backend we're going to run
on. In this case we are leveraging the built-in `BasicAer` simulator. However, this
simulator is primarily for testing and is quite basic and very limited (as the name

> implies). You should consider using [`qiskit-aer`](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-aer/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implies). You should consider more sophisticated simulators, such as [`qiskit-aer`](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-aer/),
```

for any real simulation work.

```
from qiskit import transpile
from qiskit.providers.basicaer import QasmSimulatorPy
backend_sim = QasmSimulatorPy()
transpiled_qc = transpile(qc, backend_sim)
```

After compiling the circuit we can then run this on the ``backend`` object with:

```
result = backend_sim.run(transpiled_qc).result()
print(result.get_counts(qc))
```

> The output from this will be something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output from this execution will look similar to this:
```

```python
{'00': 513, '11': 511}
```

For further examples of using Qiskit you can look at the example scripts in **examples/python**. You can start with

> [using_qiskit_terra_level_0.py](examples/python/using_qiskit_terra_level_0.py) and working up in the levels. Also

Reviewer: Do we wont to keep the example folder?

Author: I left it in for now because I think it's probably worth calling out the examples while we have them. I think we can maybe debate removing the examples and when/if we do that we can drop this at the same time. But I agree they're probably not the most up-to-date and I would be in favor of removing them (especially as we've already removed the ibmq specific ones recently).

Reviewer: Sounds good
